[♪...]
[MEOW]
[SNORING]
YUMA: Chocolate pancakes
put the biscuits in the pajamas
and add some papaya juice.
Cathy: Hehe, mission
accomplished.
[♪...]
♪ as life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never amount
to nothing ♪
♪ down and down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid to challenge
myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams from dieing ♪
♪ I hi-Five the skys ♪
♪ spread my wings say got this
time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to make it all
the way ♪
♪ take a chance forgetting
yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe...♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave all my
fears Behind ♪
♪ my future is still alive
inside ♪
♪ take a chance to Chase my
doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me through my
darkest Days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to make it all
the way ♪
♪ take a chance forgetting
yesterday ♪
♪ take a breathe my heart will
lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'm taking a chance today ♪
[♪...]
BRONK: I'm telling you, it
doesn't make sense.
Tori - We both know
yuma can't duel.
But all of a sudden, out of
nowhere, he's rockin' his deck,
he's winning duels
left and right.
Tori: So, maybe he
just got better.
The only thing that makes
sense is that there really is an
invisible ghost duelist from
another universe following him
around and giving him advice.
Hang on, you think
that makes sense?
It's the only explanation
where the logic actually adds up
hmm.
Yuma: What's up, guys!
Morning, yum-Uuhhhhh.
All: ...Eeeh!???
look at yuma!
What's he doing?
Hey, what's everyone all
worked up about, Tori?
Ahh, I'll tell you
that the what is,
huh
I don't like to criticize but
I'm sorry, yuma, I can't not say
anything anymore. I can
no longer hold it in!
There was yesterday!
Hey, everybody!
And the day before!
What's up, people!
And the day before that!
Who wants to duel!?
[laughter]
do you not see
everyone laughing?
Do you not hear them?
I figured someone
told a joke.
You're the joke!
Look at yourself, yuma.
Look what you look like!
What am I wearing!?
huh!?
We were hoping that
you could tell us.
Ahh, I have no idea I'm always
half asleep in the morning.
I just throw on whatever's on
the floor and run out the door!
It's not just the costumes...
it's like a lotta things have
been different with you lately.
Yuma. Your lunches have been
like little 5-Star restaurants.
Yesterday, in the gym
get ready bronk cause I'm
gonna high-Five the sky!
Up up and away
is he kidding me?
Wha-!
what's with the wire!? ahh.
You're right, Tori.
It's almost like someone's
messing with me.
I hadn't really thought
about it before, but
it seems, you do
not think about much.
I think about lots of things!
Then think about this
for the past several nights,
someone has been sneaking around
in your room while you sleep.
Someone's been sneakin'
around my room and you keep it
all to yourself!?
you never ask me to
keep you informed.
How was I to know that
someone being in your room
is an unusual occurrence?
Are you serious right now?
Of course it's an unusual
occurrence!
That does it!
I'm gonna get to
the bottom of this!
You might wanna put on a
decent outfit first.
I'm not dressed like this
because I wanna be!
Yeah.
You didn't even notice that you
were dressed like that.
Time to face facts, yuma.
You're oblivious when
it comes to fashion.
Huh, what about you?
It's not like you're
a fashion model!
I'm not the one dressed
like a 70s has been.
Well you're--!!
you're wearing
your school uniform!
Cause I'm at school genius.
Okay, let's put this to a test
tomorrow afternoon,
we hit the mall.
We each get one hour
to pick out an outfit.
We post pictures on spacenook
and we let our class decide
who's hot and who's not.
It is on!
City center, 3pm!
Don't be late!
Says the guy who's
never on time!
[♪...]
[MEOW]
CATHY: My friends, you're the
only ones who care about me...
and now I need your help.
I need you to deal with an
ANNOYING little mouse.
This mouse has things I don't
have she has friends.
One friend in particular...
it's not fair.
She makes me a sad kitten.
We don't like her, do we?
[Meowing/hissing]
I want you to find
this little mouse.
And when you do
I want you to pounce!
Who does this, Tori?
Who's late to a fashion-Off
because she couldn't
decide what to wear!?
unnnh!!!
[MEOWS]
uuuu Nice kitties
ahh!
Man, and Tori says
I'm never on time...
maybe she's forfeiting.
[meows]
huh?
What are these?
That awful noise they are
emitting is making my spine
Tingle. It is terrifying.
Hang on a sec.
Are you trying to tell me that
you're scared of cats?
They are simply not in my
observation report.
Well, let me tell
you about 'em.
Cats prowl the earth, looking
for glowing ghosts they can
gobble up for breakfast.
That's why they're all
staring at you.
Actually, yuma these
creatures appear
to be staring at you.
Huh
huh that looks like the ribbon
Tori wears in her hair
what this?
"We have your friend.
Follow us to get her back."
Yuma! Wait!
Tori!
Are you in here!?
whoa it's like a cat mansion.
Everywhere you turn,
it's cats, cats, cats
huh?
Thank you for coming, yuma.
Who are you?
I'm Cathy Katherine.
"Cathy Katherine?"
yup!
But you can just call me cat.
Whatever you say
I believe that I
recognize this girl.
Huh
she attends your school.
She is often alone,
standing off to the side.
Oh, yeah, you'reeee..
that's right, I'm.!
never seen ya before.
[sulking]
it's fine.
I'm used to it.
Look, let's just get to the
point here!
What have you done with Tori?
Tori, Tori, Tori is she all
you think about?
No, I think about lots of
stuff, but...!
uuunh!
Whatever, just let her go!
Only if you defeat
me in a duel.
Ahh, a duel?
You're not a scaredy
cat, are you?
Astral think she's
got a number card?
If she does have a number
then you have to win this duel.
I was planning on
winning either way.
Let's do this!
Duel Disk go!
Duel gazer, let's roll!
Duel Interface set!
Computer VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Both: Let's duel!
My claws are sharp!
And I've got all nine lives!
So get ready - I draw!
First!...
I'll activate the inviting cat
card from my hand.
So she's kicking things
off with a spell
thanks to inviting cat, I can
add a stray cat to my hand.
But that's not all
next, I'm activating the
continuous spell, cat meeting!
A continuous spell!
As long as she meets the
conditions she can activate
that spell over and over.
Here, Kitty Kitty first I
summon stray cat in attack mode.
And when I summon a cat monster,
cat meeting activates, allowing
me to summon another stray!
After all, no Kitty
likes to be alone.
[meow]
maybe not.
But those mangy alley cats only
have a hundred attack points.
They're totally harmless!
You think so?
You're probably right.
I'm not sure what I was thinking
silly me.
I'll just place a card facedown
and end my turn.
Well?
It's your move, yuma
All right then.
Get set to get decked!
I'm summoning achacha Archer!
And When achacha Archer is
successfully summoned, he can
instantly dish out
500 points of damage!
[Ahh]
[ouch]
and there's plenty more
where that came from!
Yuma, wait!
Let us talk this
through first.
What's there to talk about!?
achacha Archer attack!
Wha-!?
what's the hold up, big guy?
Just take out one o'
the stray cats!
That white one over there!
Or no, maybe the gray one
aaaargh, I can't decide!
My my my I just remembered
that when stray cat is in attack
mode, you can't target
any other monster.
So wait, but I mean, if.
Interesting tactic this poses
a bit of a dilemma.
Huh
both of her monsters
are stray cats.
Well, yeah, and?
If you target one, the other
one will leap in and become the
target of your attack
this cycle will go on
and on and on.
So basically I can't attack!
Ahh, this isn't good
Uh I don't know
what to do here.
Hehe
yuma I think I know a
method that will get us
out of this situation.
Stop talking!
I'm trying to concentrate.
I know I can do this.
I know I've got what
it takes to save Tori.
Maybe if well, no, 'cause then
I bet your
thinking about her!
Yeah!
All right! I think I got it!
I've got a little flip
Flap spell card action for
you and your strays!!
with this card, I can now
change the battle mode of
one monster on the field!
Huh
Let's go with the white one.
Alright, Archer -- You're up!
Target that gray one!
[Roar]
my Kitty!
The stray cat's ability
was dependent on it
being in attack mode.
So by forcing one of them into
defense mode, yuma made the
other one vulnerable.
That was the suggestion
I was going to make.
Perhaps it is better
that he came up with
that move on his own...
cat! You're gona wish you
hadn't messed with my friend
Tori! Just you wait!
It's not fair.
I'm standing here
right in front of you.
And all you care about is Tori?
Just forget about her!
You're supposed to
be focusing on me!
Uhh, what is with you?
Before you even think of making
another move, I'm activating a
spell card!
Since you destroyed my cut Lil'
stray cat, now I can use the
mysterious cat TRANSFORMATION
spell card and summon
monster cat!
Whoa!
That thing is freaky!
When Monster cat comes to the
field it comes raring to
destroy all your weak monsters!
And what makes this such a
purrrr-Fect combo is that for
every monster that monster
cat destroys you get hit for
800 points of damage!
Ahh
that's what you get for
thinking about
Tori while we're dueling.
Yeah, sure, lesson learned
you've got my undivided
attention. I end my turn.
I hope you like
my kitties' tricks!
Cause monster cat's
got another one!
Once every turn, it can rescue
one stray cat from my deck or my
graveyard and place
it in my hand
and once it's in my hand, I can
summon it out to play!
She has three level 1
monsters on her field
are you thinking
what I'm thinking?
She's busting out
her number card.
I overlay my two stray
cats and my monster cat
to build the overlay network!
I xyz summon
TWIN TAIL cat lady!
Careful!
She's a little testy!
[Roar]
why did she not
use the number card?
I now activate Twin tail
cat's special ability!
Once a turn, by using an overlay
unit, she can increase her
attack power by 800 points!
Whoa!..
are you serious??
you've got two more
overlay units left, so um...
if you use both of those,
we're talking uhh.
Sixteen-Hundred more gives
her thirty-Four hundred.
Ahh, I would've gotten it!
It's been fun
dueling with you. Hehe
perhaps she does
not have a number
I don't know who you are!
But you're a great duelist!
You think I'm?
You haven't seen anything yet.
Watch this!
Stray cats shouldn't have to
live in Dirty alleys!
Meow!
I'm gonna activate the
CAT world Field spell!
Whoa, did we just teleport?
Welcome to cat world.
A world where cats can play in
the grass and lie in the sun.
For them, it's a Paradise for
you, it's a nightmare.
Here in cat world All cats
gain attack points equal to
their original attack points!
That cat lady just keeps
getting more powerful
I've got your attention
now, don't I? Huh.
Go, twin tail cat lady -
Attack yuma directly!
[Roar]
ahh.
I was hoping you would do that!
- So I could do this!
I can activate pixie gong
when I take a direct attack.
And its sound wakes up
a pixie in my deck and
summons it in attack mode!
Joe the pixie,
report to the front line!
Aww, he's precious!...
Let's see what he can do.
Your move
man, this is a great duel!
You're awesome!
Yeah, you think so?
You bet!
It's just.
Huh
it's just so nice to hear you
say that because, well
in the real world,
there's this boy.
He doesn't even know I exist.
We see each other all
the time, but he just
looks right through me.
This guy sounds like
kind of a jerk.
I tried playing all sorts of
little tricks on him, just to
get him to say something to me,
but it didn't work.
I'm just so shy.
I wish I could walk
right up to him and
tell him that I like him.
You should!
Huh?
He'll never know how you feel
if you keep it to yourself!
Just go for it!
Put it out there for
the world to see!
You're right, yuma. Ahah
I'm gonna do it!
Im gonna go for it!
Ok, here it goes!
Yuma, I think you're really...!
now,it's my turn now.
I draw!
Oh?
It's time to
bring out acorno!
See, by sending pinecono to my
graveyard, I can bring this
little guy to the field!
And now pinecono's special
ability can activate!
When he gets sent
to the graveyard,
I can summon him straight out!
Hang on a second, don't...
alrighty, here we go!
Now I can xyz summon, too!
I overlay my three level 1
monsters in order to build the
overlay network!!
say hello to baby tiragon!
For my next move,
I'll be summoning
gagaga magician!
I activate gagaga
magician's special ability,
so now he's a level 1!
And next, I activate baby
tiragon's ability!
By Using one overlay Unit Baby
tiragon empowers a level 1
monster to attack you directly!
Yuma, wait, I
wanted to say that--
Gagaga magician Attack!!
go gagaga magic!
Ahh...
I am on a roll
baby tiragon Attack
twin Tail cat lady!
Do what?
It does not have
enough attack points.
I got that covered!
Don't you worry!
Cause From my hand, I'm
activating the ego boost spell!
It gives my monster 1000
attack points during battle!
So baby tiragon's
getting a power up!
Yuma, wait I just wanna say
but!
The fun doesn't stop there.
Cause ego boost LOWERS
cat lady's attack
point back to their
original total!
Yuma, I think that you're...
I am seriously
feeling the flow!!
go, baby tiragon, time
to bring us home!
Baby stream!
[Roar]
ahh
All right!
I did it!
She did not possess
a number card.
You okay?
A deal's a deal.
This is the part where you tell
me where Tori is cat.
Alright yuma.
Green light green light
red light!
Hehe, you guys are great!
Green Light green light red
light!
Tori, what are you doing!?
yuma!
Well I'm glad to see
you're not in any trouble
haha
the cats wanted me to play with
them and they were so cute,
I couldn't refuse.
I just lost track of time!
Yuma, how long are you
going to stay mad at me!?
I am not mad!
Well Ya coulda fooled me.
Umm...
umm...
do you need something?
Just, um good morning.
What's up!
Okay who was that?
Don't be rude, bronk!
That girl's in our class.
Her name's, uhhh
think it's, uhhh
it's Cathy.
She goes by "Cat." She and I
dueled the other day!
Uh! You did?
You- You didn't tell me.
By the way did you
ever find out who was
pulling those pranks on you?
Nope, that Trail has
officially gone cold.
So it's a hopeless
case, just like you.
Hey, what's that
supposed to mean?
Observation number 11.
It seems that yuma is totally
and utterly incapable of
understanding the
females of his species.